>> Mike North: Did anybody have any
questions about we just did, yes.
>> Speaker 2: So currying data into
those functions, those actions,
you had an action you defined the parent,
you passed it into the child
then you wrapped it in an action the child
had handled the dollar event itself.
>> Mike North: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: You could
have just passed the-
>> Mike North: Test that value.
>> Speaker 2: Value into, yeah.
>> Mike North: Absolutely.
>> Speaker 2: And then handled the event,
the DOM stuff up its parent,
is there a reason why
you wouldn't do that?
>> Mike North: Absolutely,
and so you might
read in some places that currying
is one argument at a time.
And I think we're talking about partial
application here, is that fair?
It's like passing one or
more arguments to a function and
kinda creating a new function with less
arguments that we can invoke easily.
>> Speaker 2: I'm not entirely
sure what you're asking.
>> Mike North: Got it,
you stop me if I start deviating
from what you have in mind here.
So what Seth is getting at
is that there's another way,
and let's focus on
the channel footer component.
There is another way that
we get the template and
the js module,
could have avoided this potentially.
We could have avoided pulling
the value off of the event.
Is that what you're getting at, or
maybe you meant-
>> Speaker 2: I meant that and-
>> Mike North: This here,
where we're calling send message.
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Mike North: So
let me show you what
this would look like and
then show you where we would have
lost the opportunity to do something.
So if I comment out handle submit,
and over here,
we could do something like this.
We could invoke handle submit,
but when we wanna pass it, body.
We can use a Handlebars helper,
well, part of Ember and
not part of Handlebars but
it’s called function.
It’s basically invoke a function and
we can pass it this dot body and
it would almost get us what we want.
Let's see, sorry, it's not handle submit,
it would be,
>> Mike North: Let me triple-check here,
send message, right?
Ultimately, we wanna call
the send message arg.
>> Mike North: Okay,
test passing, good sign.
>> Mike North: So
I could add something here.
Looking for developer with twenty-two
years of type script experience.
>> Mike North: And I could hit,
let me clear out, console and hit send.
>> Mike North: So if I refresh this,
actually, it's still there.
We got the refresh.
We lost the opportunity
to call prevent default.
>> Speaker 3: But
you can do that in the parent action by-
>> Mike North: By receiving the event-
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK] is the
second parameter.
>> Mike North: By receiving
the event as the last perimeter.
I could, but I would definitely
have lost the ability to
zero out this dot body, right?
So to your point,
sometimes you can get away with that.
But in this case, we kinda had
a little last lingering thing that
excluded that, that didn’t give us
an opportunity to insert our own logic.
But very good to point that out,
so and let me just finish
the thing you just proposed here.
If we went to our channel container and
our create message function
took an event arg, right?
We actually get the DOM event as the last
argument to an action no matter what.
We could have done something
like if the event is
defined,
>> Mike North: Prevent
default on the event.
And that would let us do something
like this where it’ll clear out and
we hit send and
it’s a live update for sure, right,
it’s almost there but
how do I clear this out?
Cuz control is now,
it’s all the way up at the container and
my presentation component doesn't
really have what it needs.
Now we could've made it so the container
actually owns that message body,
and it passes it into the footer.
And the footer kinda
binds all the way out.
And that might've gotten
us to a point where
we could've had the presentation
component do even less.
But this is the kind of thing
you have to think about.
And It's more about what needs to happen,
if it's just that
the function needs to be invoked and
passed this argument, you're good.
If it's a lot of state
management locally and
remotely, you might have to rearrange
things so that you can get what you need.
But it's very good to be
aware of that as an option so
just to put that on the screen so
we don't overlook it.
We're using the on helper,
we're listening for the submit event and
this is what is being called,
it is invoking the send message function,
passing it this.body.
So we're getting the body
of the message and
this does almost everything
we need it to do.
The only thing that stops us is, this
doesn't automatically get cleared out.
And how could it, right?
Cuz by the time that fires, it's gone.
We don't have a reference to that action.
We couldn't even wait something
that's a sync with it.
So if a local thing needs to be updated,
we might need to make it local.
>> Speaker 4: Can you have
more than one handler?
>> Mike North: That's exactly
what I was going to ask.
>> Speaker 4: One to clear one and-
>> Mike North: No.
Right, you could do something and I-
You're going to regret even saying that.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: Composible helper,
it's library out there has
a function called Pipe.
And it lets you kinda create
a pipeline functions,
that doesn't belong in a template.
Let me be really clear about that,
templates are declarative.
When you're talking about a function
pipeline, that is imperative.
There is nothing more
imperative than that.
It is a procedural sequence
of instructions to invoke,
not just I want things
to be in this state.
That's all you want
your templates to look.
So having a little action
handler that sorta delegates and
then does the local work as well.
A very common thing to do and also,
you're not gonna confuse anyone, right?
Keep it simple.
>> Speaker 5: So, this might be off topic
or too deep, but the function handler is
not required, the function helper
is not required at this point?
Will it be at some point?
Cuz right now, I can just do it by
passing two parameters, one submit and
send message this body, it works.
>> Mike North: So
the function helper is not required.
>> Speaker 5: Take away
the function helper.
>> Mike North: Yep.
>> Speaker 5: And it still
works in the same way.
Is that going to change at some point?
>> Mike North: Let's affirm
that you're correct here.
I don't know for sure, but there it goes.
Yeah, I don't know, to be honest.
>> Speaker 5: Okay, action helper,
you can pass the arguments as-
>> Mike North: Yep.
>> Speaker 5: The next parameter.
>> Mike North: So I do know that if we
were to have done something like this,
which I don't recommend,
>> Mike North: And
we could have partially applied this way.
That's where the function
helper's the only option.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Either way seems to work.
I would have to check the RFC to
understand exactly what's going on.
I do know that there's really
no harm in doing this.
And it's very explicit that send
messages being passed this argument and
you're good to go.
Especially if we wanted to do
something like I'm from the outside in
channel HPS, we could partially
apply at this level, right?
So by the time the component
receives send message,
we've already baked in some arguments.
It's the equivalent of
doing a function bind and
then not worrying too much about this, but
passing other arguments along the way.
And that's partial application there.
That's where this shines really nicely.
Yep, and no on modifier, for sure.
All right.
>> Speaker 6: So, just to clarify, the ROC
does say that that should not work, but
the extra-
>> Mike North: On multiple arguments.
>> Speaker 6: Yeah, the extra parameters
will be ignored in order to pass a value
to the function, an extra value to
the function, you should use the function-
>> Mike North: There we go.
So it happens to work,
possibly by accident.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: But
what you see on the screen here and
what my initial answer to your question,
this is the recommended way of doing it.
Thank you for backstopping with RFC.